README: Add lambda submission workflow (#91)
iocost-benchmark/iocost-benchmarks: README.md

## Submitting a benchmark

> ### Manual 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a GitHub issue
```

> To submit a benchmark, a user should create an issue in this repository using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To submit a benchmark, users should create a GitHub issue in this repository using
```

the `Benchmark submission` issue template and attach the result(s) with the

> extension `.json.gz` to the issue by dragging and dropping the file on to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extension `.json.gz` to the issue by dragging and dropping the file into the
```

issue body.

### Automated with AWS lambda workflow

> The submission of benchmark has been automated using [AWS lambda workflow](https://github.com/facebookexperimental/resctl-demo/blob/main/resctl-bench/doc/lambda.md) which does the work of submitting issue with link to `.json.gz`.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The submission of benchmark has been automated using [AWS lambda workflow](https://github.com/facebookexperimental/resctl-demo/blob/main/resctl-bench/doc/lambda.md) which uploads the benchmark directly from the `resctl-bench` software. An AWS lambda function submits the issue with link to `.json.gz`. This allows users to upload benchmarks without a GitHub account.
```

> The user needs to upload benchmark result to the AWS using lambda function url as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upload a benchmark result  using the AWS Lambda function, `resctl-bench` can be ran like:
```

> `resctl-bench -r <RESULT_JSON> upload --upload-url  <AWS lambda function URL>`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
resctl-bench -r <RESULT_JSON> upload --upload-url  <AWS lambda function URL>
```
```

e.g  

> `$resctl-bench --result resctl-bench-result_2022_07_01-00_26_40.json.gz upload --upload-url https://ygvr6jnjckwamfao5xztg6idiu0ukjeb.lambda-url.eu-west-1.on.aws`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
resctl-bench --result resctl-bench-result_2022_07_01-00_26_40.json.gz upload --upload-url https://ygvr6jnjckwamfao5xztg6idiu0ukjeb.lambda-url.eu-west-1.on.aws
```
```
Is that the right lambda URL for the new instance? cc @davide125

Reviewer: I think it should be `https://iocost-submit-us-east-1.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com` ?

Author: It might be https://yxvf2x7zfkqga6sknkxgczwonq0yvkrm.lambda-url.us-east-1.on.aws (copied from https://github.com/iocost-benchmark/iocost-benchmarks-ci/issues/16#issuecomment-2079977714)

## CI workflow

### Importing result

> Once issue is created, the github action `import-result` gets triggered, which downloads the benchmark result and create the Pull request for merging it to `main` repo along with metadata information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a GitHub issue is created or updated the GitHub action `import-result` is triggered, which downloads the benchmark result and creates a GitHub pull request for merging it to the `main` branch along with additional metadata information.
```

> ### Merging result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Merging results together with resctl-bench
```

> The Pull request created by importing steps should be approved and merged manually to `main` branch. Once merged, github action `Merge results` merges the benchmarks data and generates the final hwdb file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitHub pull request created by the import job should be approved and merged manually to `main` branch.

For the main branch, the GitHub action `Merge results` merges the benchmark data together and generates the final hwdb file containing the final parameters.
```

The following artifcats are uploaded to the CI workflow for each trigger:
  - Final hwdb file
  - Merged results
  - PDFs

>   - hwdb input Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - hwdb input Files

It is still being determined how the project will store & distribute these files.
```
cc @htejun is this OK for now ?
